Changed all instances of k-dev@ and kubernetes-dev@ to dev@kubernetes.io (#6311)
kubernetes/community: events/elections/2020/README.md

**Nomination**

> If you want to stand for election, send an email to dev@kubernetes.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to stand for election, send an email to kubernetes-dev@googlegroups.com
```
